By the end of this lesson, you will:

Use built-in JavaScript string methods

Manipulate strings using various transformations

Convert between strings and arrays

Apply case modifications to text

Understanding String Methods
JavaScript provides numerous built-in methods to manipulate strings. These methods allow you to transform text in various ways, including splitting strings into arrays, joining arrays into strings, and changing character case. String methods are essential tools for text processing in programming.

Your Assignment
Create a JavaScript file named method-man.js that implements five functions:

words:

Takes a string as input

Splits the string wherever there's a space

Returns an array containing the resulting substrings

sentence:

Takes an array of strings as input

Joins the array elements with spaces between them

Returns a single string

yell:

Takes a string as input

Converts the entire string to uppercase

Returns the transformed string

whisper:

Takes a string as input

Converts the entire string to lowercase

Surrounds the string with asterisks (*)

Returns the transformed string

capitalize:

Takes a string as input

Transforms the first character to uppercase

Transforms all other characters to lowercase

Returns the transformed string

Testing Your Solution
To verify your solution works correctly, add these test cases:

// Test words function
console.log(words("Hello there, how are you?"));
// Should output: ["Hello", "there,", "how", "are", "you?"]

// Test sentence function
console.log(sentence(["This", "is", "a", "test"]));
// Should output: "This is a test"

// Test yell function
console.log(yell("be quiet"));
// Should output: "BE QUIET"

// Test whisper function
console.log(whisper("EXCUSE ME"));
// Should output: "*excuse me*"

// Test capitalize function
console.log(capitalize("rUNNING"));
// Should output: "Running"
String Methods You Might Use
For this assignment, consider these useful JavaScript string methods:

split(): Divides a string into substrings and returns them as an array

join(): Joins elements of an array into a string

toUpperCase(): Converts a string to uppercase

toLowerCase(): Converts a string to lowercase

charAt(): Returns the character at a specified index

substring() or slice(): Extract parts of a string

Remember that strings in JavaScript are immutable, meaning the original string isn't changed when you apply these methods. Instead, they return a new string with the modifications.

Thinking Through the Problem
For each function, consider:

What input am I receiving?

What transformation do I need to apply?

What should I return?

Submission
Add your method-man.js file to your piscine-js repository.

Additional Resources
Methods

MDN Web Docs: String

MDN Web Docs: Array

Tips for Success
String methods don't modify the original string but return a new one

Test your functions with various inputs, including empty strings and multi-word strings

Pay attention to the exact requirements, like adding asterisks for the whisper function

Remember that some methods like join() operate on arrays, while others like split() operate on strings