In this project, you will implement a version of Promise.all that works with objects instead of arrays. The goal is to take an object whose values may be Promises and return a new Promise that resolves when all values have resolved, preserving the object’s structure.

Role Play
You’re developing a system that aggregates data from multiple asynchronous sources — such as APIs, databases, and cached values. Instead of managing arrays of Promises, you decide to design a function that works directly with objects, allowing for clearer, key-based access to each result once all operations are complete.

Learning Objective
By completing this project, you will learn how to:

Use Promise mechanics to coordinate multiple asynchronous operations.

Work with object entries (Object.entries, Object.fromEntries).

Implement functionality similar to Promise.all, but adapted for object-based data.

Handle errors and rejections correctly in asynchronous control flow.

Instructions
General
Create a function named all that:

Takes an object whose values may be Promises or synchronous values.

Returns a Promise that:

Resolves when all properties’ values have resolved.

Rejects if any of the Promises reject.

Resolves to a new object with the same keys, but with resolved values.

Example
const obj = {
  first: Promise.resolve(1),
  second: Promise.resolve(2),
  third: 3,
};

all(obj).then(console.log);
// Output: { first: 1, second: 2, third: 3 }
If any of the Promises reject:

const obj = {
  a: Promise.resolve("ok"),
  b: Promise.reject("fail"),
};

all(obj).catch(console.error);
// Output: 'fail'
Hints
Note: the built-in Promise.all is disabled for this exercise (Promise.all = undefined). You must coordinate the promises yourself; you are rebuilding it.

Convert the object to entries using Object.entries(obj).

Return a new Promise. Walk over the entries and, for each value, do Promise.resolve(value).then(...) to collect the resolved value under its key.

Track how many values are still pending; resolve your promise (with the rebuilt object) once every value has resolved. If any value rejects, reject with that error.

An empty object resolves immediately to {}.

Resources
Promises in JavaScript

Promise.all

Object.entries

Object.fromEntries