This project challenges you to implement a crossword puzzle solver, combining logical reasoning with algorithmic problem-solving. You’ll design a function that fills an empty crossword grid with a given list of words, ensuring that every word placement follows the provided structure and results in a unique valid solution.

Role Play
You’ve joined a game development team working on a crossword puzzle generator. Your specific task is to build the solver engine — the component that fills empty crossword templates automatically using a given set of words. The solver must be smart enough to detect invalid configurations and handle ambiguous or unsolvable puzzles.

Learning Objective
At the end of this project, you will have learned:

How to parse and represent grid-based puzzles programmatically.

How to use backtracking algorithms to explore valid word placements.

How to handle constraint validation and detect ambiguous or invalid solutions.

How to structure output as a well-formatted string representation.

Instructions
General
Create a function named crosswordSolver that:

Must be defined in a file named crosswordSolver.js.

Accepts two arguments:

A string representing the empty puzzle grid.

An array of words to fill into the puzzle.

Prints to the console a string representing the fully solved crossword.

If the puzzle or the provided list of words:

Does not lead to a unique solution,

Contains invalid formatting,

Or violates the placement rules, The function must print 'Error'.

Puzzle Input Rules
Each character in the puzzle string represents either:

A number → the number of words starting from that position.

A dot (.) → an empty space that does not need to be filled.

A newline (\n) → the end of a puzzle row.

Tip: You may need to map the crossword grid into a 2D array for easier manipulation. Note: Use recursion or backtracking to explore word placement possibilities and verify uniqueness.

Example
const emptyPuzzle = `2001
0..0
1000
0..0`;
const words = ["casa", "alan", "ciao", "anta"];

crosswordSolver(emptyPuzzle, words);

/* Output:
casa
i..l
anta
o..n
*/
Error Cases
Your function must print 'Error' if:

The input puzzle or word list is invalid.

The puzzle has no possible or multiple valid solutions.

Words overlap incorrectly or leave empty cells.

Resources
Backtracking Algorithms

Recursion

Working with Strings in JavaScript