In this project, you’ll transform your keyboard into a visual instrument that generates colorful notes every time you press a key. You’ll dynamically create, style, and remove elements from the DOM based on key events — composing a live, interactive “symphony of colors and letters.”

Role Play
You are a digital composer, sitting in front of your keyboard — not a piano, but a computer keyboard. Each letter you press creates a vibrant note, contributing to your own virtual symphony. With every keystroke, your browser becomes your canvas, and your keys turn into musical colors that appear and disappear as you play.

Learning Objective
By the end of this project, you will have learned how to:

Handle keyboard events using keydown.

Dynamically create and style DOM elements.

Generate unique colors programmatically from key data.

Implement event-driven logic to add, remove, and clear elements.

Manage real-time interactions using JavaScript.

Instructions
General
Create a function named compose that listens to keyboard input and manipulates the DOM accordingly.

Behavior
The function should fire every time a key is pressed (keydown event).

When a lowercase letter (a–z) is pressed:

Create a new <div> element with the class note.

Set its textContent to the pressed letter.

Assign it a unique background color, generated using the event’s key.

Append it to the page.

When the Backspace key is pressed:

Remove the last created note from the page.

When the Escape key is pressed:

Clear all notes from the page.

Example Behavior
Pressing “a”, “b”, and “c” adds three colorful divs:

<div class="note" style="background-color: ...;">a</div>
<div class="note" style="background-color: ...;">b</div>
<div class="note" style="background-color: ...;">c</div>
Pressing Backspace removes the last one (c).

Pressing Escape clears the entire symphony.

Files
You only need to create and submit the JavaScript file keycodes-symphony.js. You are provided the following files for testing locally:

keycodes-symphony.html — open this file in your browser to run your code.

keycodes-symphony.data.css — provides styles for the note elements (optional to modify).

Expected Result
🎬 You can see the expected behavior in this demonstration: Expected Result Video

Resources
KeyboardEvent

keydown event

KeyboardEvent.key

Document.createElement()

Element.textContent

Node.remove()