In this project, you will build an asynchronous function that analyzes FIFA World Cup winner data from a simulated database. Your function will determine whether a given country has ever won, how many times, and under what circumstances — returning a formatted message based on the data retrieved.

Role Play
You’ve been hired by a sports analytics company to enhance their football database API. Your task is to create the logic behind a query function named isWinner(), which will determine whether a given country qualifies as a “champion” and return the appropriate message based on its performance history.

Learning Objective
By completing this project, you will learn how to:

Work with asynchronous functions using async and await.

Handle Promises and potential errors gracefully.

Process and combine data from multiple asynchronous sources.

Build conditional logic to generate dynamic output messages.

Instructions
General
Create a function named isWinner that:

Accepts a single parameter:

country — a string representing the name of a country.

Uses the provided db API to gather and analyze data.

Returns a resolved Promise containing a string that fits one of the specified formats.

Behavior
Your function must use the following asynchronous methods from the db API:

db.getWinner(countryName) Returns information about a country (name, id, and continent). Throws an error if the country is not found.

db.getResults(countryId) Returns a list of results (each containing year and score) for the given country. Throws an error if the country has never won.

Conditions and Expected Responses
If the country never won a World Cup:

"Country never was a winner";
If the country is not from Europe:

"Country is not what we are looking for because of the continent";
If the country won fewer than 3 times:

"Country is not what we are looking for because of the number of times it was champion";
If the country is from Europe and has won 3 or more times:

"Country won the FIFA World Cup in <years> winning by <results>";
Where:

<years> lists the years of each victory separated by commas.

<results> lists the scores of each win separated by commas.

Example
isWinner("Germany").then(console.log);
Expected Output:

Germany won the FIFA World Cup in 1954, 1974, 1990, 2014 winning by 3-2, 2-1, 1-0, 1-0isWinner("France").then(console.log);
Expected Output:

France is not what we are looking for because of the number of times it was championisWinner("Brazil").then(console.log);
Expected Output:

Brazil is not what we are looking for because of the continentisWinner("Japan").then(console.log);
Expected Output:

Japan never was a winner
Resources
Promises

Async and Await

Array.prototype.map

Array.prototype.join